ever since the financial crisis
something has become very clear the
banks exist to steal your money and they
don't give a damn if you know that they
have made it obvious that your money
isn't safe with them every chance they
get they take money from shareholders
from Bond holders from Individual
depositors and taxpayers as long as the
CEOs get their massive pay checks the
banks are happy you came here for the
truth let's look at what's happening
right now with the CEO bonuses I want to
connect that in with a few other things
hopefully this will be a quick video for
you just want to update you on a few
things pay raises are back in style in
the corner office wiping out cuts from a
year earlier and pushing CEO
compensation to new highs amid surging
stock
market you've seen what's happened
obviously with the stock market it's
been rising and this has been going on
now um approximately since around the
Trump being put into office of course
just before then it had risen a few
percent as well
now since March 2009 the stock market
has been in its Bull Run so it has risen
considerably and we know that why the
truth of this is because of all of the
QE because of all the tarp and all the
stimulus that has found its way into the
stock market you can't really control it
so much um but it has found its way into
equities there's no
doubt you look
at the result of this financial crisis
just
after stocks came tumbling down you had
people losing jobs everything was
terrible but the CEO
bonuses were something that maybe laugh
in a way because you would see an
individual getting you know a mega
million CEO bonus and then he goes and
buys a condo with it meanwhile the
company had to fire you know a quarter
of its employees or something I mean
this this type of activity happened many
times median pay for the chief
Executives of the 104 of the biggest
ameran American companies Rose
6.8% for the fiscal 2016 to
11.5
million on track to set a post recession
record so you have these individuals
making a
considerable amount of
money and they are able
to use that money to to buy their way
into whatever they need that's just a
fact it's their choice if the company
wants to give them that amount of
money but I would say that when you are
firing a whole bunch a whole block of
individuals and then you give that to
the CEO bonuses then you so happen to
have you know these CEOs are on the
board of this company or that company
and they're advisor to the government
and then the alumni are working in the
government of that company back and
forth I mean they're intertangled
so greatly into all Industries people
think it's just the financial financial
industry no no just keep looking every
industry is the same exact thing it's
all insiders and guess what they work
against
us all right
moving
on this is just one one small piece as
Ontario salary freeze ends big raises
get a chilly reception so of course as
soon as they stop the salary freeze
immediately they go up it's just like
the debt ceiling if you say okay you can
only spend 20 trillion in in the amount
of debt that's it and then you say you
know what 21 million fine it's going to
go to 21 million that's just the way it
is that's the way they work and you have
a few individuals that will come out and
speak the truth but ultimately it
doesn't matter because the CEOs the big
corporations they own the government
they own the government they control it
and you can't for a second can't believe
that it's any other way just look at it
just look at the fact
s these financial institutions on the
brink of Extinction come to the American
taxpayer for hundreds and billions of
dollars at the very same time they think
they're going to buy a $50 million
corporate jet they're going to pay out
$18
billion in bonuses they get paid an
average of $2.6 million to every
executive at the6 16 banks that got
taxpayer money under
tarp your money is being
used to bail
out yes the the institution but you know
you want to be more
specific it's actually giving the
CEOs and the executives their
salaries and their bonuses and this is
the type of thing that makes me sick
because they are able to then do
whatever they want meanwhile people are
starving people are you know they can't
find
work and there are a lot of individuals
who are simply gaining because of their
influence on the government of course it
works both
ways and you know I'll just read you one
more line in the 2008 election cycle
house Financial Services committee's
members received more than 26
million in campaign donations from the
finance insurance and real estate sector
and it goes on and guess what happens
when they those sectors are in trouble
they get bailed out they get helped but
you as an individual you don't get
anything you don't get a single ounce of
anything and in fact you probably get a
kick in the
behind if they could manage that
one instead the money that should be
spent on you make sure that you're doing
well or at least not preventing you from
doing
well they do this take off for police
drones Air Force remote controlled
flying Squad to chase criminals and hunt
for missing people so now the drones are
getting their way finding their way into
the police environment it's not just you
know individuals just want to take
pictures from the sky it's becoming more
invasive more pervasive and this is a
double-edged sword you know it's it's a
piece of technology like anything else
could be used for good could be used for
wrong could be used for just you know
individuals just want to have a good
time I just see it as a little
bit gray area can definitely cross the
line and everything else I mean you look
at all of the Big Brother boxes they
have everywhere spying on everyone and
you can say that you know if somebody
commits a crime here they'll catch it on
camera and that's that's true that I
think that's a great thing however
they're basically
arbitrarily listening watching
everything and that is where it becomes
a little bit of a problem all I would
say is that you know the money is always
funneled into the wrong direction you
know there would be less crime there
would be less poverty and homelessness
and all of the problems that we have
today
and instead you know they use the money
and squander it give it to CEOs instead
of using it towards increasing
Prosperity what a
joke and then it goes deeper inquiry by
CIA affirms it spied on the Senate panel
in fact this was back from
2014 and the reason I mentioned this is
because you know you have a lot of talk
about the CIA spying and this and that
recently and you know it makes news but
whatever happens nothing why why is
nothing ever happening well the fact is
that these
institutions
corporations all of the big boys you
name it whether it's the FBI the CIA the
NSA or even the major corporations out
there
they all commit fraud crimes everything
and the worst the worst they ever get is
a slap on the
wrist how many times do we need to
explain this look what happened the
NSA spying on
everybody they find out there's Tower a
tower in Manhattan a skyscraper in
Manhattan that's being used to spy on
people the entire building
building and then you have all the
revelations Edward Snowden Bradley
Manning you have what's happened more
recently with the recent leaks that
we've seen actually there's been a
few who gets in trouble the person who
leaked them not a single person who is
actually responsible for this
criminality and then you think one step
deeper
why why aren't people figuring this out
why aren't people talking about it so on
well you look at this another group of
Kids attempting to take a selfie on top
of some ice at the pond in Central Park
plunged into its icy
waters people aren't paying attention
I'm just using this as an example
they're not paying attention they don't
care about what's happening in their
lives and it is very frightening to me
because people need to realize how
serious this
is everything that's been going on and
not nobody gives a damn it's just
fact and now for a little humor we made
the stock market rise so they'll never
believe the money
GPS and there's Janet yelling laughing
at me but I just found it funny I I
thought
that I'd make this just to show what
we've been seeing recently on on the
channel is a lot of individuals they're
seeing the stock market make new highs
they've invested most likely in the tech
sector and they are what they believe
making good money of course until they
sell they haven't made anything but
these
individuals believe that they are
getting wealthy perhaps they are if you
are I truly mean it good for you but
this channel it's not about that it's
about much more it's about
getting into a state of
self-sufficiency if you have all of your
assets in the stock market okay you're
not
self-sufficient and maybe you don't want
to be that but that's not what this is
about just remember that if you found
this video informative please give me a
thumbs
up last but not
least you can check out my books at
Amazon there is a link in the
description of this video and you can go
over there flip through the books and
see if You' like it for yourself take
take care